Feature/autonumber seed setting (#49)
Capgemini/powerapps-packagedeployer-template: README.md

</templateconfig>
```

> ### Attribute specific functionality (Auto-number seed values)

Reviewer: I think the table of contents needs to be updated to include these headers.

Author: Good catch, updated

</templateconfig>
```

### Attribute specific functionality

#### Set auto-number seed values

When deploying auto-numbers, seed values can be defined in the template for each entity. These are set post-deployment. Setting the `<autonumberseedvalue>` element determines that the column is an auto-number.

```xml

> <templateconfig>
>     <tables>
>       <table name="account">
>         <columns>
>           <column name="new_accountautonumber" autonumberseedvalue="1"/>
>         </columns>
>       </table>
>       <table name="contact">
>         <columns>
>           <column name="new_contactautonumber" autonumberseedvalue="2000"/>
>         </columns>
> </templateconfig>

Reviewer 2: Missing the closing `</tables>` tag. Also in the interest of conciseness, perhaps just one of these should do.

```suggestion
<templateconfig>
    <tables>
      <table name="account">
        <columns>
          <column name="new_accountautonumber" autonumberseedvalue="1"/>
        </columns>
      </table>
   </tables>
</templateconfig>
```

Author: Wouldn't keeping an example of two tables be better? It would make it obvious that you can set multiple seeds across entities and how that should look.

Will fix the tags.

</templateconfig>
```

### Attribute specific functionality

#### Set auto-number seed values

When deploying auto-numbers, seed values can be defined in the template for each entity. These are set post-deployment. Setting the `<autonumberseedvalue>` element determines that the column is an auto-number.

```xml
<templateconfig>
    <tables>
      <table name="account">
        <columns>
          <column name="new_accountautonumber" autonumberseedvalue="1"/>
        </columns>
      </table>
      <table name="contact">
        <columns>
          <column name="new_contactautonumber" autonumberseedvalue="2000"/>
        </columns>
      </table>
    </tables>
</templateconfig>
```

> **Important Note**: When you set a seed value, it will reset the next number in the sequence to the seed value. Unless the autonumber atribute has an alternate key, it will not be enforced as unique. This means you could accidentially reset the count and end up with duplicate numbers.

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me from reading this that the package template handles this as long as the seed value in the config file doesn't change - 

```suggestion
**Important Note**: When you set a seed value, it will reset the next number in the sequence to the seed value. Unless the autonumber column has an alternate key, it will not be enforced as unique. This means you could accidentally reset the count and end up with duplicate autonumber values
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I've just read the paragraph below!

Reviewer 2: just the typos then 🙂

> Ideally you want to set the seed number once and avoid changing it. If you need to change the autonumber seed, make sure you test it in a sandbox environment first. 

Reviewer 2: Might be clearer - 

```suggestion
You should set the seed once in the config file and avoid changing it. If you need to change the seed, ensure that it is a higher value than the current value on any target environments.
```
